ON-4985 # Adds tenant support for all classes (#70)
blinkmobile/oneblink-sdk-js: docs/forms-apps.md

## Constructor

| Parameter            | Required | Type     | Description                                                                  |
| -------------------- | -------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `options.accessKey`  | Yes      | `string` | Access key provided by OneBlink.                                             |
| `options.secretKey`  | Yes      | `string` | Secret key provided by OneBlink.                                             |

> | `options.regionCode` | No       | `string` | Sets the default apiOrigin to the region appropriate value. Defaults to `AU` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `options.regionCode` | No       | `'AU' | 'US'` | Sets the default apiOrigin to the region appropriate value. Defaults to `AU` |
```

## Constructor

| Parameter                   | Required | Type     | Description                                                                  |
| --------------------------- | -------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `options.accessKey`         | Yes      | `string` | Access key provided by OneBlink.                                             |
| `options.secretKey`         | Yes      | `string` | Secret key provided by OneBlink.                                             |
| `options.regionCode`        | No       | `string` | Sets the default apiOrigin to the region appropriate value. Defaults to `AU` |

> | `options.oneBLinkAPIOrigin` | No       | `string` | Overrides the apiOrigin set by default or regionCode.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `options.oneBlinkAPIOrigin` | No       | `string` | Overrides the apiOrigin set by default or regionCode.                        |
```

Reviewer: Actually, can we remove this from here as it is already in the `development.md` doc. Could we update that doc to outline that all public classes have the `oneBlinkAPIOrigin` option in the constructor.

Author: You want all that line in all the class docs to be gone? And replace with notifier in dev doc?

Reviewer: Yep yep :)
